Privacy Policy 
PCP CLC built this app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by PCP CLC at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding the policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use this Service. If you choose to use this Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information collected is used for providing and improving the Service. It will not be used or shared information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Log Data: Whenever you use tihs Service, in a case of an error in the app data is collected (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing this Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service. Service Providers: This app might employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. Be informed; users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. I encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Application and/or Services, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). Changes to This Privacy Policy I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2022-10-23 Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at pcpcolegiolacruz@gmail.com

Phone: (72) 221 7648

Rancagua, Chile


https://jcallende.wixsite.com/ppolicy
